Pages:
1. Home Page:
a. Link to supplier page
b. Link to branches page
c. Link to client_company page
d. Link to product_inventory page
e. Link to purchase_queue page
f. Link to pending supply requests page
2. Product inventory page ( shows all products)
a. Search and sort option to search and filter products based on various
keys(such as name, brand, type etc)
b. Each of the products is linked to its respective product details page
3. Product details page( shows the features of the product)
a. In addition to the other details , the different prices offered by different
suppliers for the product are shown and next to those prices is a input box
for amount and a button called “add to purchasing queue”- when clicked it
enqueues this product with the quantity to the purchasing queue from the
chosen supplier
4. Supplier page( lists all the suppliers)
a. Search suppliers option
b. Add suppliers button( Link to Add supplier page)
c. Each of the suppliers are linked to respective Supplier details page
5. Supplier Details page ( shows the details of the chosen supplier)
a. Edit option to update the suppliers info if needed
b. Product catalog (linked to product catalog page)
c. Show purchase orders button( linked to Purchase Orders page of that
supplier)
6. Add suppliers page( form to add suppliers)
a. Takes the necessary info as input and inserts a new supplier
7. Product catalog of a supplier page ( displays products offered by the
suppliers)
a. Shows a list of the products sold by the supplier, available in our stock and
the offered price
b. Next to each product- a input box for the quantity, and a “Add to
purchasing queue”
8. Purchase order of a supplier page(shows the purchase orders made to that
supplier)
a. 2 sections
i. Active purchase orders
ii. Previous orders/closed orders
b. Each of these orders are linked to Purchase order details page
9. Purchase order details page( shows the details of a purchase order)
a. Displays the details of the order, products and their respective amount ,
shipment details, financial transaction details
b. In case of orders awaiting delivery - there's an option to update its status
to delivery received/closed order
c. In case of orders awaiting payment- there's an option to update payment
status. When that's clicked we get a form to fill up the necessary info and
update the status
10.Purchase_queue page( shows the products enqueued)
a. There's a button- “Place order” when clicked asks to choose the supplier,
and then displays the products with quantities enqueued for that supplier.
From this list we can select the products and then click “confirm order”
which will make a purchase order with the selected products to that
supplier after taking other necessary details as input and then redirect to
the purchase order details page
11. Branches page( shows the list of branches)
a. Search suppliers option
b. Each of the suppliers are linked to respective Branch details page
12.Branch Details page ( shows the details of the chosen branch)
a. Edit option to update the branches info if needed
b. Show supply requests button( linked to supply requests page of that
branch)
c. View income statement option that takes the month and year as input and
then shows the income statement of the branch for that time period
13.Supply request page(shows the supply requests from a branch)
a. 3 sections
i. Pending supply requests
ii. En route requests/supplies
iii. Previous requests
b. Each of these requests are linked to supply request details page
14.Supply request details page (shows details of the request)
a. In case of pending request, we can approve the supply of all requested
products or we can approve it partially
15.Pending requests page( shows all the requests currently pending)
a. Search, sort and filter. Can be sorted by deadline or the requested product
availability rate
b. Each of the requests- linked to the supply request details page of that
request
16.Client companies page( shows the list of client companies)
a. Search option
b. Each of the clients are linked to respective Client company details page
17.Client company Details page ( shows the details of the chosen client)
a. Edit option to update the info if needed
b. Show orders button( linked to client order page of that client)
18.Client order page(shows all the orders from the client)
a. 3 sections
i. Pending orders
ii. En route orders
iii. Previous orders
b. Each of these orders are linked to client order details page
19.Client order details page (shows details of the order)
a. In case of pending order, we can select transport companies, and insert
other necessary details for that order and update its status